---
layout: post
title:  "minions (2015)"
date:   2025-02-22 19:12:11 -0800
categories: jekyll update
tags: blog
---
"and that is how the minions found
their new boss! he was cunning! he
was evil! he was perfect! he was...
despicable!"

hung out with my irls yesterday for
a litttle late galentine's day
celebration. our plan: watch the
basketball game and then find some
awesome movie to watch. first step
of the plan almost fell through after
we didnt have a usb-c cable for the
fire tv stick to watch the basketball
on. good thing another friend was
able to route the stick through their
powerbank onto the tv. with the
cable length being so short, it took
a shoebox and someone's food
container to get this precarious
setup to work at all. after the
warriors went up 20 in the 4th
quarter, my friends cable gave up
and disconnected from the fire tv
stick. we felt like that was a good
note to end on and started looking
for movies. parasite? nahh. random
reality tv dating show? ill save that
for later (the ultimatum[^1] is so crazy).
RANGO??? my request was lost to
the wind. but thats when we landed
on absolute gold.

this movie is honestly pretty epic
man i cant lie. its pixar animation so
it always looks good and the actual
character design was awesome,
capturing the times of the 1960s. of
course its a supervillian superhero
movie so its gonna break SOME
rules (shoutouts high heel
spaceship) but in terms of non
fantasy aspects they kept it quite
real. i also just love how no one
gives a fuck that the minions exist,
and all interact with them as if they
were also humans. its great that
they can just ignore that whole
complication and even pull some
pretty funny moments out of the
minions and humans interacting.
surprisingly i never got tired of the
"minionese" speak (thats what the
subtitles called it), and most of the
jokes hit pretty nicely. even the
mostly kid targeted jokes were
funny ill give them that. i think my
favorite bits always included them
just throwing in random adult stuff
like the hitchhiker family randomly
loading a pistol in center view for a
bank heist, queen lizzy downing a
freaking beer, and herb trying to
hang a minion. this movie got some
real good subverting expectation
type humor (is that a term?) and i
really loved just how much there
was.

of course the plot isnt anything too
special but its enough that the little
team of minions (kevin (goat), bob
(goat), and stuart (kinda the goat))
can explore the whole two settings
of new york and london. i have to go
on a tangent about how this movie
lowkey just makes fun of british
people after a certain point. crazy
how they rendered queen lizzy's
teeth like fucking timmy turner man
why did they do that. also like i
heard an "oh my days" in there
dude that was the funniest shit
ever. theres even a pub scene and i
definitely saw some Barry63s[^2]
rendered (as stated earlier queen
lizzy was freaking killing it). i
fucking wish they had a liverpool
game on the tv (THEY SAY TELLY)
that wouldve been funny as fuck. it
even starts fucking raining during
the movie in london like holy shitttt.
on the topic of setting, i was really
surprised with just the amount of
iconic spots and the detailing of the
backgrounds. ik its pixar quality, but
damn dude the cobblestone streets,
the old ass castles, and the big ben
looked soooo nice. every combat and fight scene in london was so fun to watch because of it. this applies to
pretty much every city setting in the
movie; new york looked fucking
dope with depicting the hippie movement and the city's early
entrepeneurs, and the villian-con
setting had sooo many cool
characters contained in it.
shoutouts to the time traveling
scientist with his 10 clones. one of
the clones killed the original and
then the rest of the clones all
fucking dissolved. IN FRONT OF
THE MINIONS! now THAT was a
premium bit. ill give a quick
shoutout to scarlet overkill for being
a pretty unhinged and fun villian to
watch. she has that "im a bad bitch"
type energy except she also has
that repressed childhood dream
failure vibe, if you know what im
saying (for sure you do). she makes
it fun to root against her, with that
freaking rocket dress and twenty
lava guns hiding beneath it. the sheer
absurdity of having her "villian
hideout" in the middle of london
(BEING A WHITE CASTLE WITH THE
S LOGO EVERYWHERE) in contrast
to orlando's villian-con being
hosted under a swamp has got to
be one of my favorite nonsense
moments ever in a kids movie.

i dont think ill give out ratings
whenever i post a stream of
conciousness about a certain
media, but i would for sure put this
one on when you're with the gang
and you need an easy watch. this is
NOT the movie if you want a long
committed watch along. or maybe it
is if you're a fun loving guy like me,
and also if you have minions 2
queued up.

[^1]: [this show](https://www.netflix.com/title/81292203) is actually a fever dream this is so fucked up bro

[^2]: this [emote](https://7tv.app/emotes/62477a2efb18d86dec72ad34) is awesome

