---
layout: post
title: blue box (2021, ongoing)
date: 2025-04-04 05:33:00 -0700
categories: jekyll update
tags: blog
---
"its not good to overwork yourself. i know, but today, i just wanted to hold the ball a little longer."

## volume 1
chinatsu practicing after the whole nationals loss flashback was a fantastic way to set the tone for this whole story. even now i still remember instantly practicing some bullshit death or room after killing off a good run in celeste fullgame. the bookend of the volume with being antsy to play AFTER the game/run was over was something i always knew i had but never internalized ever. long sessions just to fail just to try again. thats been the theme for most of my touhou achievements lol. initially i thought it was paced kinda fast because the living together reveal was literally the first chapter and then my good mate taiki addressed this and then fucked it up royally like the king he is. W taiki W hina. hina gives me some maki shijo vibes except not a loser girl except she is hella a loser girl when pursuing romance i think thatll be my headcanon. kyo is the bro an absolute voice of reason i love that guy hes such an empath except he never smiles in any single manga panel. really enjoying this one so far, visuals are pretty stunning; some of the action shots have the badminton racket so rendered i thought one of the panels was literally a photoshopped racket picture but it wasnt
WHEN THE WISH RIBBON BREAKS #chills 

## volume 2
DUDE OH MY GOD HINA IS SUCH A LOSER GIRL AND SHES SHOULDERING ALL OF THE PRESSURE ALONE PLEASE SOMEONE SAVE HER PLEASE SOMEONE OH MY GOD AUHHHHHHBHHHH just so bastard freaking out in my chair this dude next to me probably thjnks im fucking tweaking with how i recoil to this shit broooo... i got baited by haryu being an assholr hes just a tough love type of guy and that is respect+. i thought it was gonna be some farty poopy love triangle but its not!! even if it was, this dude taiki just eats every inconvience like it was a golden apple i cant believe he can just do all of this shit unfazed its crazy. i really love how like this manga has a LOT of characters clarifying and trying to show their true intention with their words. this dialogue and clearing comms kinda reminds me of how i had some convos replay over and over because i misinterpret what the other person says or i say something that comes across wrong (in my mind). you know i love a character that feels human and chinatsu rly hits that soft spot of communication and tone. new character is also dope we got our own peco type dude except not that op he still got that same energy doe. thinking about hina and how the volume ended again PLEASE SOMEONE SAVE HER PLEASE SHES A GOOD DUDE FUCK!!!!!
MIGHT AS WELL CALL IT THE #chills RIBBON 

tiny intermezzo here: i think writing out my general stream of conchiousness instead of insta diving into another volume helps me absorb just a bit more of what i actually read, which i like a lot. my ass barely retains anything especially in an environment like an airplane for the next 8 hours, so im glad i can produce some writing (if you can call it writing its more like vomitting my thoughts onto the curb) while giving myself a lil break. ive been listening to kanyes college dropout i have no clue what the optimal listening music to manga is but this is pretty good so far. like really good. like damn. damnnnnnnnnn brah. at the time of writing this i have 7 hours to go and the first 2 volumes took 2 hours ish so im not catching right up now but maybe ill publish this before i lose internet for like 2 days. MAYBE NOT. ALSO SORRY I WANT TO WRITE ABOUT REBELLION BUT THIS IS MORE IMPORTANT

now listening to: ivan lins - somos todos iguais nests noite (sampled by nujabes)

## volume 3
STOPPED READING AFTER CHAPTER 17 TO YAP DUDE WHY IS IT A LOVE TRIANGLE WITH THE FUCKING LOSER GIRL NOT EVEN MAKI SHIJO COULD DO IT LIKE THIS IM GONNA JUMP OFF THE PLANE BRO FUCK MY LIFE HINAAAAAAAAAAAAA STOP BEING SO MEAN TO YOURSELF FJDNFNDJDNJ
ok i read the whole thing damnnn they not only have one soul crushing guy from the top school BUT TWO GUYS. i fucking loved how breakneck the transition was from taiki saying he'll win nationals to literally just dropped instantly by yusa in the next 2 panels. ik its an obvious way to resemble just how fast a tournament match loss can happen to a competitior but i appreciate it as a reader. sometimes theres no creeping feeling of loss or even a sense of danger until its already over. im thinking about it and there hasnt been too many instances of sports matches in this manga lasting for more than a couple pages. pretty neat. anyways guys this love triangle needs to talk it out it is just insane how they are all shooting themselves in the foot for each other and they are all suffering for it like can one of the girls fucking lock in and get a lockdown or something bro. taiki aint even make nationals man its so fucked up out here. kyo knows whats up but i need to see him get some action. i need to see some hina kyo interaction it would be some real ass shit and then i could tweak out on the plane. all of these ending panels have been so good so far btw its just crazy she can just end everything on a freaking character revelation or moment every time. lets see if she goes 4/4....

## volume 4
(ch30) FIREWORKS FESTIVAL? I SHOULD KILL YMSELF LEGIT ALSO CHINATSU IS JUST DOING SICH A SHIT JOB AT READING HIM FUCK MY LIFE (end of ch30) AHHHH FFS HINA HAS SO MUCH FUCKING MOTION ITS LIKE A TIDAL WAVE MAN (ch31) HINA IS A FUCKJNG LOSER NEVER MIND OH MY GOD THIS AUTHOR PANEL IS SO HAHAHA HER EDITOR KNOWS WHATS UP
i just covered my face what the fuck is this fireworks festival bro HINA IS STILL A FUCKING LOSER and then CHINATSU IS JUST BEING A MOM AND THEN TAIKI SEES THAT AND THEN THE FUCKING VOLUME ENDS ARE YOU SERIOUS RIGHT NOW MAN LIKE CMON ok ok lets calm down and talk in lowercase. side note its a 4 seat aisle rn and this seat next to me is free and then this guy took the seat because his family in front is doing some epic sleep situation. i can now no longer contort myself in epic ways while reading this masterpiece but its ok i know this update is just thrilling. 6 hours left 😀 yayyy. ANYWAYS im really fuckin with this humanization of sports rivals man its so dope to see past opponents pointing out things in taiki's game that he can work on. legit speedrunning type shit right there its such a cool way to write the progression in the sports arc instead of just like big top school bad they are literal robots (this is still kinda true but like you know what i mean) hyodo just went up 100 respect points for that one. i talked about it in my ch30 outburst but like holy shit chinatsu is actually doing so much for the bro and yet shes doing so LITTLE for the bro like fuck man this nationals pressure + stuffing her feelings down for taiki and then SHE SEES HER WITH HIM AT THE FESTIVAL fuck my disgusting endgame pair life. i will not be happy with the hina taiki ship until hina stops being a freaking loser. i legit thought hina was getting some massive jnsane motion but kyo was actually sick. that dude even pushed for her to clarify it but shes a fucking LOSER!!!! except for when he told taiki to stop hiding from chinatsu this parallel situation is so funny and hilarious and makes me squirm in my seat this is an awesome experience so far if you couldnt tell. anyways this guy started snoring so i might either take a break or eat volume 5 immediately idk yet. also taiki has to stop falling to his knees its gonna get me a noise complaint shit is too funny bro

## volume 5
(end of ch36) i knew it this fireworks festival was a fucking flop taiki went afk on hina and chinatsu wants to talk sooooo bad and she cant fuck my life FUCK MY LIFE BRO 
ok so chinatsu misses the buzzer beater and hina just fucking throws her own shoe-throwing? game to confess that is just an insane page to end on ONCE AGAIN bro like what the fuck. FUCKING EVERYONE LOSING except hina my queen getting 3rd at nationals yes sir thats my loser girl fail queen getting it lets go mate. karen might be the goat bro i kinda love the haryu karen relationship even if the relationship fucking implode after a bad performance at nationals i think that character is just hella cool. she also calls out taiki's BULLSHIT frame 1 and actually pushes him to rethink his whole relationship with chinatsu. fucking awesome. haryu also is a badass for giving her his second grade diary W rizz on that play bro. alright j just pissed and realized just how fucked up chinatsu's psuedo confession/talk was while taiki was knocked out on in the hallway. im glad taiki figured it out (but also got kinda unlucky with kyo not making the fireworks festival) but holy shit we need more talking i think chinatsu literally lost nationals because she didnt get to talk to taiki beforehand (Blaming karen) (blaming nagisa for bringing up the wish ribbon). CRAZY how she calls taiki a flirt when the shes the first one to strip in front of him actually i typed it out this is dumb as fuck never mind. taiki lowkey has motion but loves badminton too much its so funny. hes also adrien levels of stupid regarding hina its actually so insane. this parallel is actually making me cheese so hard i gotta see how this love triangle pans out. i know the endgame because my method of downloading manga on my phone was unbelivably scuffed as fuck but idk how hina is gonna handle this truth nuke im so scared for my glorious queen's crashout

## volume 6
(end of 44) nah man forget hina im gonna fucking crashout HOW IS CHINATSU STANDING RIGHT THERE WHEN HINA IS PLAYING HER LOVE GAMES MAN OH MY GOD THIS SHIT IS SOOO [keyspam] BRO SHE JUST LOST AT NATIONALS AND THE FUCKING CHILLS RIBBON BROKE AND IT DIDNT EVEN FUCKING WORK FUCK PLEASE THROW CHINATSU A BONE LIKE CMON 
im gonna sit on this because the flight just landed but bro hina just keeps playing games wjth the bro its so funny. i also need to see this kyo romance arc i need to see his character develop. its also insane he was literally in the same situation as hina and yet he still roots for taiki what a fucking bro he is man. theres gotta be a connection here with hina playing snow white and then the prince being kaiki or something. the kyo hina might be a total crackship maybe maybe maybe but it would be kinda funny. that shit aint ever happening though i think. alright so like chinatsu brings him to a beach on her birthday and then they spend the night at a hotel thats great. BUT SHE DOES IT KNOWINGLY AFTER SEEING KAIKI AND HINA EXCHANGE WORDS BUT ALSO SHE KNOWS THEY ARENT DATING WHAT??? i guess thats why they call her the thinker cuz she got mad rizz for that one. they clear comms and THEN SHE LEAVES LIKE WTF WHY DOES SHE LEAVE FOR A MONTH RIGHT AFTER THIS GETS PATCHED
i think im gonna be sick man chinatsu keeps getting thwarted and taiki has 0 motion as usual he cant even do that lowkey slient motion because theyre not even the same age and not even in the same grade FFS man. im typing this in the customs line this is  insane work to be doing a stream of conciousness in the haneda airport. im letting my one reader know that i landed and im probably uploading this first part on that #hanedafreewifi 

THE FUCKING WISH RIBBON DOESNT BREAK #chills
