---
layout: 1ccpost
title:  "imperishable night"
date:   2025-02-20 15:48:11 -0800
categories: jekyll update 
---
watching mokou's boss fight 16-17 years ago put my life on a different trajectory i think

its still the game i hold the most nostalgia for

# border team <a name="border-team"></a> 
the classico

wasnt too hard to get this run since the eosd piss grind was a month ago before this

# solo sakuya <a name="solo-sakuya"></a> 
i cant believe i did this run actually

this is one of the worst shot types ive ever played and its not even close bro, you just pepper the bosses SHINS for almost the whole spell card runtime

# solo remilia <a name="solo-remilia"></a> 
first solo youkai run 

remi feels like a godsend after dealing with sakuya and alice damage for the past 2 weeks. her options are super op for a lot of spells that require you to move away from the boss sitting in the center. she still suffers from solo youkai-itis, with shitty keine and less than stellar reisen and kaguya nons.

# solo alice <a name="solo-alice"></a> 
2m keine | 1m stage 4 | 1m tewi | 1m eirin midnon | 3m kaguya

GOD MODE

this character is so insanely bad and being a solo youkai exposes her weaknesses 10x more as a narrow forward shot. the stages arent easy, keine is a legit problem, reimu isnt that much easier than a solo human run, reisen becomes a threat from non2 and illusion seeker, the stage 6 portion can just fucking kill you or deny points if it wants, and kaguya's bdb and bd are just terrible. the main thing is that the game becomes almost lolk-tier in terms of costly mistakes. theres not really much room for forgiveness if you fuck up a stage portion or miss damage windows on certain nons. absolutely crazy experience in the same game that has border team

super average run except i fucking missed the 1100 extend because the stage 6 fairies were fucking unbelivable holy shit. reimu lnn was for sure the highlight, im glad to have gotten good enough at that boss.

only reimu to go...
