---
layout: post
title:  "my worst critic"
date:   2025-02-19 11:07:11 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---
i love being at the dmv because
now i can write about something
instead of going brain afk for an
hour until my number gets called

its crazy how easily i can put myself
down and say "im bad" or some
similar phrase. 99.999% of the time
i dont believe it obviously and its
just a snap reaction to whatever
mistake just happened in whatever
im doing. i feel like its slowly
eroding me though every tjme i feel
that way though. the saying of "if
you hear it enough eventually it
comes true"[^1] has always been at the
back of my mind lately, especially
with me gungagrinding counter
strike 2 with the city. i know this
mentality works and gets results,
but being in the trenches during a
grind really gets to me every time
(2021-2022 arb grind). with a
game like counter strike, being in
the trenches could take like several
years for a guy like me (no good
computer, perma high ping, genetics gap etc etc). taking
that mentality into single player
games and speedrunning hasnt
really challenged me to the point cs
has, since its way more
complex to learn just from the
multiplayer aspect alone. you have to go through so many situations and experiences that turn into gamesense over thousands of hours. in touhou i
can get away with minimal route
learning and brainless pattern
grinding since thats all there is to it.
fire up the game, run at the anime
girls until they blow up, and thats it!
always consistent, always expected
behavior. even if theres variance or
rng in a route, i can always blame it
on solely me, in a Single Player
Game. but not cs (not at my elo at
least lol people are still doing crazy
shit <sub><sup>(12k)</sup></sub>). its around like 30% of the time
that i get shit on normally in a duel,
which is fine; and the other 70% of
the time i self sabotage myself in
some ungodly way that always feels
terrible. i might suspect it feels
terrible not because i gotta wait like
a minute every time just to get back
in the time (i wonder how long pro
players have spent dead in that
game), but also because its a TEAM
GAME; where your role as a player
is all around helping the TEAM win. i
always take extra pyschic damage
when i realize how badly my death
affects my teams round winning
chances[^2]. a part of why i
quit osu tournies stems from
(mostly)[^3] the same problem. if i just
completely bottom score my locals
when im expected to fc the map or
at least top score in lobby, my
mental is shot and i usually play
worse because of it. i never really
fc'd any nm1s because of that
nerves problem... i guess cs vs osu
is different in that expectation in
osu and cs is wildly different at
times. im usually the worst player in
the stack due to inexperience in cs,
and i was usually near the top end
of most teams in whatever osu
tournies i played. either way being
on either side of the coin sucks
hard, and contributes to why i never
really grinded multiplayer games as
much as i did speedrunning,
because as i would say, "im bad".

its not just video gaming that gets
me like this either, its like almost all
aspects of my life. for my sake
(CODING LOLOLOL) i will spare you
the details and hone in on my
creative side. when i published my
ladybug post yesterday, i thought it
was nice! my first real post, it
mostly had the points illustrated
well enough, and i was still happy i
even got that post out at all (i was
playing cs and writing it in between
games). when i read it this morning,
i did not fuck with the structure at
all lol. there wasnt enough
supporting evidence for why i loved
kaguya, not enough explanation for
some of the current evidence in
monogatari, and the whole
paragraph about ladybugs modern
lessons just had a super weird flow
to it. i thought about it after i was
sad for 5 minutes and called myself
bad at writing; why am i judging
myself so harshly for writing
seriously for the first time in 3-4
years? i think being harsh on
yourself is ok at best in a
competitive setting or at least when
theres a leaderboard/tangible goal
to climb... but like this is me writing
for fun on my own blog. theres not
even a target "goal" that i have
currently to push myself towards!
its kinda insane to me that i keep
forgetting this fact. i need to
seperate this grinder mentality from
some of the things (especially new
things) i do for fun because it just
makes me not want to do it most of
the time. i do say most of the time
because theres the rare occasion
when i hategrind and make
something way better because i
disliked it so much[^4].
what does it mean for hobbies that
ive started years ago, such as piano
and art? well, if i really put things
into perspective, im very
inexperienced at these hobbies
compared to how much time i
COULDVE put in. my piano activity
wasnt that great while i was doing
lessons, and it basically fell off a
cliff after 2021. my art phases in
and out every month but at least i
get a drawing in weekly some years.
does it mean im still "bad" at these?
maybe! but maybe "im bad" just it
means im not happy with where i
am currently. i know for a fact
theres no stopping myself from
saying im ass at something even
when im at the tippy top. but do i
need to remind myself that im just
bad? or instead should i remind
myself that i can always improve?
maybe a tiny word change could
move mountains for me mentally. i
think that would be really nice!

[^1]: [the illusory truth effect](https://thedecisionlab.com/biases/illusory-truth-effect)

[^2]: when i die really fucking early in the round no trade chance no damage done no info gained just jackshit nothing

[^3]: big part of why i quit tourney was from not being able to experiment with tapping styles since matches were weekly. felt suffocating when my tapping at the time just hurt me whenever i played

[^4]: maybe this post wouldntve spawned in if i wasnt going to the dmv today lmao